A scandal prevents me from ever going home again. That kind of trouble seems to follow me around.
An innocent person is in prison for a crime that I committed. I'm okay with that.
Any defeat or failure on my part is because my opponents cheated.
Boats make me seasick.
By my words and actions, I often bring shame to my family.
Despite my best efforts, I am unreliable to my friends.
Don't expect me to save those who can't save themselves. It is nature's way that the strong thrive and the weak perish.
Few people know the real me.
Gold seems like a lot of money to me, and I'll do just about anything for more of it.
I am a purveyor of doom and gloom who lives in a world without hope.
I am dogmatic in my thoughts and philosophy.
I am easily distracted by the promise of information.
I am inclined to tell long-winded stories at inopportune times.
I am inflexible in my thinking.
I am judgmental, especially of those I deem homebodies or otherwise lazy.
I am obsessed with catching an elusive aquatic beast, often to the detriment of other pursuits.
I am secretly (or not so secretly) convinced of the superiority of my own culture over that of this foreign land.
I am slow to trust members of other races, tribes, and societies.
I am so obsessed with sketching my ideas for elaborate inventions that I sometimes forget little thing like eating and sleeping.
I am suspicious of strangers and expect the worst of them.
I am too enamored of ale, wine, and other intoxicants.
I an callous about death. It comes to us all eventually.
I assume the worst in people.
I become depressed and anxious if I'm away from the sea too long.
I become irrational when innocent people are hurt.
I believe everyone has a price and am cynical toward those who present themselves as virtuous.
I believe that I'm intellectually superior to people from other cultures and have much to teach them.
I can't help but pocket loose coins and other trinkets I come across.
I can't keep a secret to save my life, or anyone else's.
I can't leave a room without searching it for secret doors.
I can't resist a pretty face.
I can't resist swindling people who are more powerful than me.
I can't sleep except in total darkness.
I complain about everything.
I consider the adherents of other gods to be deluded innocents at best, or ignorant fools at worst.
I don't know when to throw something away. You never know when it might be useful again.
I don't take kindly to some of the actions and motivations of the people of this land, because these folk are different from me.
I easily lose track of time. My poor sense of time means I'm always late.
I easily lose track of time. My poor sense of time means I'm always late.
I feel no compassion for the dead. They’re the lucky ones.
I find civilian life difficult and struggle to say the right thing in social situations.
I follow orders, even if I think they're wrong.
I get frustrated to the point of distraction by shoddy craftsmanship.
I grow combative and unpredictable when I drink.
I harbor dark, bloodthirsty thoughts that my isolation and meditation failed to quell.
I hate to admit it and will hate myself for it, but I'll run and preserve my own hide if the going gets tough.
I have a "tell" that reveals when I'm lying.
I have a secret fear of some common wild animal – and in my work, I see them everywhere.
I have a weakness for the exotic beauty of the people of these lands.
I have a weakness for the new intoxicants and other pleasures of this land.
I have a weakness for the vices of the city, especially hard drink.
I have an addiction.
I have an insatiable desire for carnal pleasures.
I have certain rituals that I must follow every day. I can never break them.
I have lingering pain of old injuries.
I have little respect for anyone who is not a proven warrior.
I have lived a hard life and find it difficult to empathize with others.
I have many vices and tend to indulge them.
I have many vices and tend to indulge them.
I have no sense of humor. Laughing is uncomfortable and embarrassing.
I have no time for friends or family. I spend every waking moment thinking about and preparing for my next expedition.
I have trouble keeping my true feelings hidden. My sharp tongue lands me in trouble.
I have trouble trusting in my allies.
I hide a truly scandalous secret that could ruin my family forever.
I hold grudges and have difficulty forgiving others.
I ignore anyone who doesn't compete and anyone who loses to me.
I indulge in a habit that threatens my reputation or health.
I judge others harshly, and myself even more severely.
I let my need to win arguments overshadow friendships and harmony.
I like keeping secrets and won't share them with anyone.
I made a terrible mistake in battle that cost many lives – and I would do anything to keep that mistake secret.
I must be the captain of any group I join.
I never give away anything for free and always expect something in return.
I never give away anything for free and always expect something in return.
I never make eye contact or hold it unflinchingly.
I obey the law, even if the law causes misery.
I once satirized a noble who still wants my head. It was a mistake that I will likely repeat.
I overexert myself, sometimes needing to recuperate for a day or more.
I overlook obvious solutions in favor of complicated ones.
I pretend not to understand the local language in order to avoid interactions I would rather not have.
I put too much trust in those who wield power within my temple’s hierarchy.
I remember every insult I've received and nurse a silent resentment toward anyone who's ever wronged me.
I secretly believe that everyone is beneath me.
I see morality entirely in black and white.
I sometimes stay up all night listening to the ghosts of my fallen enemies.
I sometimes take things that don't belong to me, especially if they are very well made.
I speak without really thinking through my words, invariably insulting others.
I struggle to trust the words of others.
I talk to myself, and I don't make friends easily.
I talk to spirits that no one else can see.
I tend to assess my relationships in terms of profit and loss.
I think far ahead, a detachedness often mistaken for daydreaming.
I think the whole multiverse is out to get me.
I think the whole multiverse is out to get me.
I too often hear veiled insults and threats in every word addressed to me, and I'm quick to anger.
I turn tail and run when things look bad.
I wear a tribal mask and never take it off.
I will never fully trust anyone other than myself.
I work hard, but I play harder.
I would kill to acquire a noble title.
I'd rather eat my armor than admit when I'm wrong.
I'd rather kill someone in their sleep then fight fair.
I'd risk too much to uncover a lost bit of knowledge.
I'll do absolutely anything to win.
I'll do anything to get my hands on something rare or priceless.
I'll do anything to win fame and renown.
I'll say anything to avoid having to do extra work.
I'm a kleptomaniac who covets shiny, sparkling treasure.
I'm a kleptomaniac who covets shiny, sparkling treasure.
I'm a sucker for a pretty face.
I'm always changing my mind-well, almost always.
I'm always changing my mind-well, almost always.
I'm always in debt. I spend my ill-gotten gains on decadent luxuries faster than I bring them in.
I'm always operating under a tight timeline, and I'm obsessed with keeping everything on schedule.
I'm always operating under a tight timeline, and I'm obsessed with keeping everything on schedule.
I'm convinced of the significance of my destiny, and blind to my shortcomings and the risk of failure.
I'm convinced that no one could ever fool me the way I fool others.
I'm fixated on following official protocols.
I'm forgetful. Sometimes I can't remember even the simplest things.
I'm forgetful. Sometimes I can't remember even the simplest things.
I'm horribly jealous of anyone who can outshine my handiwork. Everywhere I go, I'm surrounded by rivals.
I'm judgmental of those who are not skilled with tools of some kind.
I'm never satisfied with what I have – I always want more.
I'm obsessed with conspiracy theories and worried about secret societies and hidden demons.
I'm quick to assume that someone is trying to cheat me.
I'm too greedy for my own good. I can't resist taking a risk if there's money involved.
I'm working for a hidden faction in my house that gives me secret assignments.
I've picked up some unpleasant habits living among races such as goblins, lizardfolk, or orcs.
If I'm outnumbered, I will run away from a fight.
If there's a plan, I'll forget it. If I don't forget it, I'll ignore it.
In fact, the world does revolve around me.
It's not stealing if I need it more than someone else.
Lying is reflexive, and I sometimes engage in it without realizing.
Most people scream and run when they see a demon. I stop and take notes on its anatomy.
My hatred of my enemies is blind and unreasoning.
My house and blood line make me the best!
My intensity can drive others away.
My piety sometimes leads me to blindly trust those that profess faith in my god.
My pride will probably lead to my destruction.
My religious beliefs aren't widespread in my house.
My secret could get me expelled from my house.
No one must ever learn that I once stole money from guild coffers.
Now that I've returned to the world, I enjoy its delights a little too much.
Once I pick a goal, I become obsessed with it to the detriment of everything else in my life.
Once I start drinking, it's hard for me to stop.
Once someone questions my courage, I never back down no matter how dangerous the situation.
People who can't take care of themselves get what they deserve.
Secretly, I believe that things would be better if I were a tyrant lording over the land.
The monstrous enemy we faced in battle still leaves me quivering with fear.
The people who knew me when I was young know my shameful secret, so I can never go home again.
The tyrant who rules my land will stop at nothing to see me killed.
There's no room for caution in a life lived to the fullest.
Though I act charming, I feel nothing for others and don't know what friendship is.
Though I am an excellent crafter, my work tends to look as though it belongs on a ship.
Unlocking an ancient mystery is worth the price of a civilization.
Violence is my answer to almost any challenge.
When I see something valuable, I can't think about anything but how to steal it.
When I'm not exploring dungeons or ruins, I get jittery and impatient.
When faced with a choice between money and my friends, I usually choose the money.
When given the choice of going left or right, I always go left.