Adventure. I'm far from home, and everything is strange and wonderful! (Chaotic)
All for a Coin I'll do nearly anything if it means I turn a profit. (Evil)
Anonymity. It's my deeds that should be remembered, not their instrument. (Any)
Aspiration. I seek to prove myself worthy of my god’s favor by matching my actions against his or her teachings. (Any)
Aspiration. I work hard to be the best there is at my craft. (Any)
Aspiration. I'm determined to make something of myself. (Any)
Aspiration. I'm going to prove that I'm worthy of a better life. (Any)
Aspiration. Someday I'll own my own ship and chart my own destiny. (Any)
Balance. Do not fish the same spot twice in a row; suppress your greed, and nature will reward you. (Neutral)
Beauty. What is beautiful points us beyond itself toward what is true. (Good)
Beauty. When I perform, I make the world better than it was. (Good)
Bravery. To act when others quake in fear- this is the essence of the warrior. (Any)
Camaraderie. Good people make even the longest voyage bearable. (Good)
Camaraderie. The strongest bonds are forged through struggle. (Good)
Careful Lines. A ship must be balanced according to the laws of the universe. (Lawful)
Change. Life is like the seasons, in constant change, and we must change with it. (Chaotic)
Change. The low are lifted up, and the high and mighty are brought down. Change is the nature of things. (Chaotic)
Change. We must help bring about the changes the gods are constantly working in the world. (Chaotic)
Changeability. Change is good, which is why I live by an ever-changing set of rules. (Chaotic)
Changeability. Change is good, which is why I live by an ever-changing set of rules. (Chaotic)
Charity. I always try to help those in need, no matter what the personal cost. (Good)
Charity. I distribute the money I acquire to the people who really need it. (Good)
Charity. I steal from the wealthy so that I can help people in need. (Good)
Code. The marines' code provides a solution for every problem, and following it is imperative. (Lawful)
Comfort. I want to ensure that me and mine enjoy the best things in life. (Any)
Common Good. My house serves a vital function, and its prosperity will help everyone. (Good)
Community. It is the duty of all civilized people to strengthen the bonds of community and the security of civilization. (Lawful)
Community. We have to take care of each other, because no one else is going to do it. (Lawful)
Competition. I strive to test myself in all things. (Chaotic)
Confusion. Deception is a weapon. Strike from where your foes won't expect. (Chaotic)
Creativity. I never run the same con twice. (Chaotic)
Creativity. The world is in need of new ideas and bold action. (Chaotic)
Crew. If everyone on deck pitches in, we'll never sink. (Good)
Cunning. Though I may not know their ways, neither do they know mine, which can be to my advantage. (Evil)
Danger. With every great discovery comes grave danger. The two walk hand in hand. (Any)
Daring I am most happy when risking everything. (Any)
Daring. The richest bounty goes to those who risk everything. (Chaotic)
Death Wish. Nothing is more exhilarating than a narrow escape from the jaws of death. (Chaotic)
Destiny. Nothing and no one can steer me away from my higher calling. (Any)
Destruction. I’m a monster that destroys other monsters, and anything else that gets in my way. (Evil)
Determination. I’ll stop the spirits that haunt me or die trying. (Any)
Dignity. The dead and their belongings deserve to be treated with respect. (Lawful)
Discovery. I want to be the first person to discover a lost culture. (Any)
Discovery. I want to learn all I can, both for my house and for my own curiosity. (Any)
Distance. One must not interfere with the affairs of another culture – even one in need of aid. (Lawful)
Embracing. Life is messy. Throwing yourself into the worst of it is necessary to get the job done. (Chaotic)
Empathy. No creature should be made to suffer. (Good)
Empathy. No creature should be made to suffer. (Good)
Fairness. I never target people who can't afford to lose a few coins. (Lawful)
Fairness. No one should get preferential treatment before the law, and no one is above the law. (Lawful)
Fairness. We all do the work, so we all share in the rewards. (Lawful)
Faith. I trust that my deity will guide my actions. I have faith that if I work hard, things will go well. (Lawful)
Family. Blood runs thicker than water. (Any)
Free Thinking. Inquiry and curiosity are the pillars of progress. (Chaotic)
Freedom. Chains are meant to be broken, as are those who would forge them. (Chaotic)
Freedom. Everyone should be free to pursue his or her own livelihood. (Chaotic)
Freedom. I have a dark calling that puts me above the law. (Chaotic)
Freedom. The sea is freedom-the freedom to go anywhere and do anything. (Chaotic)
Freedom. Tyrants must not be allowed to oppress the people. (Chaotic)
Friendship. I never leave a friend behind. (Good)
Friendship. I never leave a friend behind. (Good)
Friendship. Material goods come and go. Bonds of friendship last forever. (Good)
Generosity. My talents were given to me so that I could use them to benefit the world. (Good)
Glory. I must earn glory in battle, for myself and my clan. (Any)
Greater Good. I kill monsters to make the world a safer place, and to exorcise my own demons. (Good)
Greater Good. It is each person's responsibility to make the most happiness for the whole tribe. (Good)
Greater Good. My gifts are meant to be shared with all, not used for my own benefit. (Good)
Greater Good. Our lot is to lay down our lives in defense of others. (Good)
Greed. I will do whatever it takes to become wealthy. (Evil)
Greed. I will do whatever it takes to get what I want, regardless of the harm it might cause. (Evil)
Greed. I will do whatever it takes to get what I want, regardless of the harm it might cause. (Evil)
Greed. I won't risk my life for nothing. I expect some kind of payment. (Any)
Greed. I'm only in it for the money and fame. (Evil)
Greed. I'm only in it for the money. (Evil)
Growth. Lessons hide in victory and defeat. (Any)
Hard Work. No wave can move a soul hard at work. (Any)
Honesty. Art should reflect the soul; it should come from within and reveal who we really are. (Any)
Honor. A deal is a deal, and I would never break one. (Lawful)
Honor. A deal is a deal, and I would never break one. (Lawful)
Honor. I don't steal from others in the trade. (Lawful)
Honor. If I dishonor myself, I dishonor my whole clan. (Lawful)
Hope. The horizon at sea holds the greatest promise. (Any)
Immortality. All my exploring is part of a plan to find the secret of everlasting life. (Any)
Incorruptibility. Be a symbol, and leave your flawed being behind. (Any)
Independence. I am a free spirit – no one tells me what to do. (Chaotic)
Independence. I must prove that I can handle myself without the coddling of my family. (Chaotic)
Independence. When people follow orders blindly, they embrace a kind of tyranny. (Chaotic)
Indifferent. Life is cruel. What's the point in saving people if they're going to die anyway? (Chaotic)
Infamy. My name will be a malediction, a curse that fulfills my will. (Evil)
Innovation. Abandon old traditions and find better ways to do things. (Chaotic)
Inquisitive. Everything is new, but I have a thirst to learn. (Neutral)
Invention. Make what you need out of whatever is at hand. (Chaotic)
Justice. Place in society shouldn't determine one's access to what is right. (Good)
Knowledge. By understanding other races and cultures, we learn to understand ourselves. (Any)
Knowledge. The path to power and self-improvement is through knowledge. (Neutral)
Live and Let Live. Ideals aren't worth killing over or going to war for. (Neutral)
Live and Let Live. Meddling in the affairs of others only causes trouble. (Neutral)
Logic. Emotions must not cloud our logical thinking. (Lawful)
Logic. Emotions must not cloud our sense of what is right and true, or our logical thinking. (Lawful)
Logic. I like to know my enemy’s capabilities and weaknesses before rushing into battle. (Lawful)
Luck. Our luck depends on respecting its rules—now throw this salt over your shoulder. (Lawful)
Mastery. I'm a predator, and the other ships on the sea are my prey. (Evil)
Might. If I become strong, I can take what I want – what I deserve. (Evil)
Might. In life as in war, the stronger force wins. (Evil)
Might. The strong train so that they might rule those who are weak. (Evil)
Might. The strongest are meant to rule. (Evil)
Nation. My city, nation, or people are all that matter. (Any)
Nature. The natural world is more important than all the constructs of civilization. (Neutral)
No Limits. Nothing should fetter the infinite possibility inherent in all existence. (Chaotic)
Noble Obligation. It is my duty to protect and care for the people beneath me. (Good)
Obsession. I won't let go of a grudge. (Evil)
Obsession. I won't let go of a grudge. (Evil)
Open. I have much to learn from the kindly folk I meet along my way. (Good)
Peace and Prosperity I smuggle only to achieve a greater goal that benefits my community. (Good)
People For all my many lies, I place a high value on friendship. (Any)
People. I help the people who help me-that's what keeps us alive. (Neutral)
People. I like seeing the smiles on people's faces when I perform. That's all that matters. (Neutral)
People. I strive to inspire my spectators. (Neutral)
People. I'm committed to my crewmates, not to ideals. (Neutral)
People. I'm committed to the people I care about, not to ideals. (Neutral)
People. I'm loyal to my friends, not to any ideals, and everyone else can take a trip down the Styx for all I care. (Neutral)
Perfection. To measure a being and find it lacking is the greatest disappointment. (Evil)
Perseverance. No injury or obstacle can turn me from my goal. (Any)
Plunder. Take all that you can and leave nothing for the scavengers. (Evil)
Power. Common people crave strong leadership, and I do my utmost to provide it. (Lawful)
Power. I hope to one day rise to the top of my faith’s religious hierarchy. (Lawful)
Power. I want to ensure the prosperity of my house and wield its power myself. (Evil)
Power. If I can attain more power, no one will tell me what to do. (Evil)
Power. Knowledge is the path to power and domination. (Evil)
Power. Solitude and contemplation are paths toward mystical or magical power. (Evil)
Preservation. That artifact belongs in a museum. (Good)
Protection. I must do everything possible to save a society facing extinction. (Good)
Redemption. There's a spark of good in everyone. (Good)
Reflection. Muddied water always clears in time. (Any)
Reserved. As someone new to these strange lands, I am cautious and respectful in my dealings. (Lawful)
Respect. All people, rich or poor, deserve respect. (Good)
Respect. People deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. (Good)
Respect. Respect is due to me because of my position, but all people regardless of station deserve to be treated with dignity. (Good)
Respect. The thing that keeps a ship together is mutual respect between captain and crew. (Good)
Responsibility. I do what I must and obey just authority. (Lawful)
Responsibility. It is my duty to respect the authority of those above me, just as those below me must respect mine. (Lawful)
Retribution. The rich need to be shown what life and death are like in the gutters. (Evil)
Rule of Three. Everything in the multiverse happens in threes. I see the "rule of three" everywhere. (Lawful)
Rule of Three. Everything in the multiverse happens in threes. I see the "rule of three" everywhere. (Lawful)
Security. Doing what must be done can't bring the innocent to harm. (Lawful)
Self-Improvement. The goal of a life of study is the betterment of oneself. (Any)
Self-Knowledge. If you know yourself, there's nothing left to know. (Any)
Selflessness. I try to help those in need, no matter what the personal cost. (Good)
Sincerity. There's no good in pretending to be something I'm not. (Neutral)
Smuggler's Code I uphold the unwritten rules of the smugglers, who do not cheat one another or directly harm innocents. (Lawful)
Suspicious. I must be careful, for I have no way of telling friend from foe here. (Any)
Teamwork. Success depends on cooperation and communication. (Good)
Tradition. Every game has rules, and the playing field must be level. (Lawful)
Tradition. I uphold traditions of my house and bring honor to my family. (Lawful)
Tradition. The ancient traditions of worship and sacrifice must be preserved and upheld. (Lawful)
Tradition. The stories, legends, and songs of the past must never be forgotten, for they teach us who we are. (Lawful)
Triumph. The best part of winning is seeing my rivals brought low. (Evil)
Wanderlust. I prefer to take the less traveled path. (Chaotic)
Wanderlust. I prefer to take the less traveled path. (Chaotic)
Wealth Heaps of coins in a secure vault is all I dream of. (Any)