A pipe, an ale, and the smell of the sea: paradise.
Anything worth doing is worth doing best.
By living among violent people, I have become desensitized to violence.
Despite my noble birth, I do not place myself above other folk. We all have the same blood.
Fame is more important to me than money.
Flattery is my preferred trick for getting what I want.
Good music makes me weep like a baby.
Good music makes me weep like a baby.
I always have a plan for what to do when things go wrong.
I always want to know how things work and what makes people tick.
I am always calm, no matter what the situation. I never raise my voice or let my emotions control me.
I am always working on some project or other.
I am dependable.
I am ever learning how to be among others—when to stay quiet, when to laugh.
I am horribly, horribly awkward in social situations.
I am incredibly slow to trust. Those who seem the fairest often have the most to hide.
I am no common criminal; I am a mastermind.
I am tolerant (or intolerant) of other faiths and respect (or condemn) the worship of other gods.
I am unmoved by the wrath of nature.
I am utterly serene, even in the face of disaster.
I am working on a grand philosophical theory and love sharing my ideas.
I ask a lot of questions.
I become cantankerous and quiet in the rain.
I become wistful when I see the sun rise over the ocean.
I begin or end my day with small traditional rituals that are unfamiliar to those around me.
I behave like an extreme opposite of my persona.
I believe that anything worth doing is worth doing right. I can't help it – I'm a perfectionist.
I blow up at the slightest insult.
I bluntly say what other people are hinting at or hiding.
I can find common ground between the fiercest enemies, empathizing with them and always working toward peace.
I can stare down a hell hound without flinching.
I can't bring myself to trust most adults.
I can't bring myself to trust most adults.
I change my mood or my mind as quickly as I change key in a song.
I connect everything that happens to me to a grand, cosmic plan.
I cultivate a single obscure hobby or study and eagerly discuss it at length.
I dislike bargaining; state your price and mean it.
I don't like to bathe.
I don't like to get my hands dirty, and I won't be caught dead in unsuitable accommodations.
I don't like to sit idle.
I don't mind getting my hands dirty.
I don't part with my money easily and will haggle tirelessly to get the best deal possible.
I don't pay attention to the risks in a situation. Never tell me the odds.
I don't run from evil. Evil runs from me.
I don’t talk about the thing that torments me. I’d rather not burden others with my curse.
I eat like a pig and have bad manners.
I enjoy being out in nature; poor weather never sours my mood.
I enjoy being strong and like breaking things.
I enjoy doing things others believe to be impossible.
I enjoy sailing into new ports and making new friends over a flagon of ale.
I expect danger around every corner.
I express affection or contempt in ways that are unfamiliar to others.
I face problems head-on. A simple, direct solution is the best path to success.
I fall in and out of love easily, and am always pursuing someone.
I feel far more comfortable around animals than people.
I feel most at peace during physical exertion, whether exercise or battle.
I feel tremendous empathy for all who suffer.
I get bitter if I'm not the center of attention.
I get bored easily. When am I going to get on with my destiny?
I get irritated if people praise someone else and not me.
I have a crude sense of humor.
I have a daily exercise routine I refuse to break.
I have a joke for every occasion, especially occasions where humor is inappropriate.
I have a lesson for every situation, drawn from observing nature.
I have a strong code of honor or sense of propriety that others don't comprehend.
I have a strong sense of fair play and always try to find the most equitable solution to arguments.
I have an endless supply of cautionary tales related to the sea.
I have different assumptions from those around me concerning personal space, blithely invading others' space in innocence, or reacting to ignorant invasion of my own.
I have my own ideas about what is and is not food, and I find the eating habits of those around me fascinating, confusing, or revolting.
I have never lost my childlike sense of wonder.
I have never lost my childlike sense of wonder.
I have no qualms about stealing from the dead.
I hide scraps of food and trinkets away in my pockets.
I honor my deities through practices that are foreign to this land.
I idolize a particular hero of my faith, and constantly refer to that person’s deeds and example.
I judge people by their actions, not their words.
I keep multiple holy symbols on me and invoke whatever deity might come in useful at any given moment.
I know a story relevant to almost every situation.
I laugh heartily, feel deeply, and fear nothing.
I laugh loudly and see the humor in stressful situations.
I lie about almost everything, even when there's no good reason to.
I like a job well done, especially if I can convince someone else to do it.
I like to read and memorize poetry. It keeps me calm and brings me fleeting moments of happiness.
I like to squeeze into small places where no one else can get to me.
I like to talk at length about my profession.
I live by my own set of weird and wonderful rules.
I live by my own set of weird and wonderful rules.
I live for the thrill of the hunt.
I love a good insult, even one directed at me.
I love a good puzzle or mystery.
I love being on the water but hate fishing.
I love gold but won't cheat a friend.
I love sketching and designing objects, especially boats.
I love talking and being heard more than I like to listen.
I love to share trivia about my house's business.
I love to trade banter and gibes.
I might fail, but I will never give up.
I misuse long words in an attempt to sound smarter.
I need long stretches of quiet to clear my head.
I never forget an insult against me or my house.
I never pass up a friendly wager.
I never stop smiling.
I often get lost in my own thoughts and contemplation, becoming oblivious to my surroundings.
I once ran twenty-five miles without stopping to warn my clan of an approaching orc horde. I'd do it again if I had to.
I place no stock in wealthy or well-mannered folk. Money and manners won't save you from a hungry owlbear.
I pocket anything I see that might have some value.
I prefer the company of those who aren't like me, including people of other races.
I prefer to solve problems without violence, but I finish fights decisively.
I put no trust in divine beings.
I quote (or misquote) sacred texts and proverbs in almost every situation.
I refuse to become a victim, and I will not allow others to be victimized.
I represent my house and take pride in my looks.
I see omens in every event and action. The gods try to speak to us, we just need to listen
I sleep just as much as I need to and on an unusual schedule.
I sleep with my back to a wall or tree, with everything I own wrapped in a bundle in my arms.
I speak rarely but mean every word I say.
I spend money freely and live life to the fullest, knowing that tomorrow I might die.
I stretch the truth for the sake of a good story.
I strive to have no personality—it's easier to forget what's hardly there.
I take great pains to always look my best and follow the latest fashions.
I think anyone who's nice to me is hiding evil intent.
I think far ahead, a detachedness often mistaken for daydreaming.
I think of everything in terms of monetary value.
I thrive under pressure.
I treasure a memento of a person or instance that set me upon my path.
I use polysyllabic words that convey the impression of great erudition.
I was, in fact, raised by wolves.
I watch over my friends as if they were a litter of newborn pups.
I work hard so that I can play hard when the work is done.
I work hard; nature offers no handouts.
I would rather make a new friend than a new enemy.
I would rather observe than meddle.
I would risk life and limb to discover a new culture or unravel the secrets of a dead one.
I'll settle for nothing less than perfection.
I'm a born gambler who can't resist taking a risk for a potential payoff.
I'm a hopeless romantic, always searching for that "special someone."
I'm a pack rat who never throws anything away.
I'm a snob who looks down on those who can't appreciate fine art.
I'm a stickler when it comes to observing proper etiquette and local customs.
I'm always looking to improve efficiency.
I'm always picking things up, absently fiddling with them, and sometimes accidentally breaking them.
I'm always polite and respectful.
I'm confident in my own abilities and do what I can to instill confidence in others.
I'm convinced that people are always trying to steal my secrets.
I'm critical of monarchies and limits on the houses.
I'm driven by a wanderlust that led me away from home.
I'm earnest and uncommonly direct.
I'm enthusiastic about everything my house does.
I'm extremely fond of puzzles.
I'm full of inspiring and cautionary tales from my military experience relevant to almost every combat situation.
I'm full of witty aphorisms and have a proverb for every occasion.
I'm happier in a dusty old tomb than I am in the centers of civilization.
I'm haunted by fey laughter that only I can hear, though I know it's just my mind playing tricks on me.
I'm haunted by fey laughter that only I can hear, though I know it's just my mind playing tricks on me.
I'm haunted by memories of war. I can't get the images of violence out of my mind.
I'm not afraid of hard work—in fact, I prefer it.
I'm oblivious to etiquette and social expectations.
I'm rude to people who lack my commitment to hard work and fair play.
I'm used to helping out those who aren't as smart as I am, and I patiently explain anything and everything to others.
I'm well known for my work, and I want to make sure everyone appreciates it. I'm always taken aback when people haven't heard of me.
I'm willing to listen to every side of an argument before I make my own judgment.
I've been isolated for so long that I rarely speak, preferring gestures and the occasional grunt.
I've lost too many friends, and I'm slow to make new ones.
I've read every book in the world's greatest libraries – or I like to boast that I have.
If someone is in trouble, I'm always ready to lend help.
If you do me an injury, I will crush you, ruin your name, and salt your fields.
I’ve enjoyed fine food, drink, and high society among my temple’s elite. Rough living grates on me.
I’ve spent so long in the temple that I have little practical experience dealing with people in the outside world.
I… speak… slowly… when talking… to idiots,… which… almost… everyone… is… compared… to me.
Like a nomad, I can't settle down in one place for very long.
Like a nomad, I can't settle down in one place for very long.
Luck favors me, and I take risks others might not.
My eloquent flattery makes everyone I talk to feel like the most wonderful and important person in the world.
My favor, once lost, is lost forever.
My friends are my crew; we sink or float together.
My friends know they can rely on me, no matter what.
My language is as foul as an otyugh nest.
No one could doubt by looking at my regal bearing that I am a cut above the unwashed masses.
Nobody stays angry at me or around me for long, since I can defuse any amount of tension.
Nothing can shake my optimistic attitude.
Nothing rattles me; I have a lie for every occasion.
Obstacles exist to be overcome.
Rich folk don't know the satisfaction of hard work.
Sarcasm and insults are my weapons of choice.
The best way to get me to do something is to tell me I can't do it.
The common folk love me for my kindness and generosity.
The first thing I do in a new place is note the locations of everything valuable – or where such things could be hidden.
The leader of my community had something wise to say on every topic, and I am eager to share that wisdom.
There's nothing I like more than a good mystery.
Thinking is for other people. I prefer action.
To me, a tavern brawl is a nice way to get to know a new city.
Traps don't make me nervous. Idiots who trigger traps make me nervous.
When I arrive at a new settlement for the first time, I must learn all its customs.
When I have a new idea, I get wildly excited about it until I come up with another, better idea.
When I have a new idea, I get wildly excited about it until I come up with another, better idea.
When I see others struggling, I offer to help.
When I set my mind to something, I follow through no matter what gets in my way.
When the sea is within my sight, my mood is jovial and optimistic.
Whenever I come to a new place, I collect local rumors and spread gossip.
Wherever I go, I try to bring a little of the warmth and tranquility of home with me.
Wherever I go, I try to bring a little of the warmth and tranquility of home with me.
You might think I'm a scholar, but I love a good brawl. These fists were made for punching.